unittest/TestCoverage.md, before:

# Unit Test Coverage

### test_dispatch.py
|Name                   |Statements         |Miss       |Cover
|---:                   |---:               |---:       |---:
|dispatch.py            |44                 |1          |98%
|dispatchstatus.py      |15                 |8          |47%
|servicetype.py         |18                 |7          |61%
|test_dispatch.py       |57                 |0          |100%
|TOTAL                  |134                |16         |88%

### test_dispatchstatus.py
|Name                   |Statements         |Miss       |Cover
|---:                   |---:               |---:       |---:
|dispatchstatus.py      |15                 |2          |87%
|test_dispatchstatus.py |31                 |0          |100%
|TOTAL                  |46                 |2          |96%

### test_fleet.py
|Name                   |Statements         |Miss       |Cover
|---:                   |---:               |---:       |---:
|servicetype.py         |18                 |10         |44%
|fleet.py               |23                 |1          |96%
|test_fleet.py          |18                 |0          |100%
|TOTAL                  |59                 |11         |81%

### test_fleetmanager.py
|Name                   |Statements         |Miss       |Cover
|---:                   |---:               |---:       |---:
|account.py             |33                 |1          |97%
|fleetmanager.py        |17                 |1          |94%
|test_fleetmanager.py   |40                 |0          |100%
|TOTAL                  |90                 |2          |98%

### test_servicetype.py
|Name                   |Statements         |Miss       |Cover
|---:                   |---:               |---:       |---:
|servicetype.py         |18                 |3          |83%
|test_servicetype.py    |33                 |0          |100%
|TOTAL                  |51                 |3          |94%

### test_vehiclestatus.py
|Name                   |Statements         |Miss       |Cover
|---:                   |---:               |---:       |---:
|vehiclestatus.py       |15                 |2          |87%
|test_vehiclestatus.py  |31                 |0          |100%
|TOTAL                  |46                 |2          |96%

Commit message:

added total coverage across all test files

unittest/TestCoverage.md, after:

# Unit Test Coverage
Authored by: Jeffrey Ng  
## Total Coverage
|Statements         |Miss       |Cover
|---:               |---:       |---:
|426                |34         |92%

## Coverage by File
### test_dispatch.py
|Name                   |Statements         |Miss       |Cover
|---:                   |---:               |---:       |---:
|dispatch.py            |44                 |1          |98%
|dispatchstatus.py      |15                 |8          |47%
|servicetype.py         |18                 |7          |61%
|test_dispatch.py       |57                 |0          |100%
|TOTAL                  |134                |16         |88%

### test_dispatchstatus.py
|Name                   |Statements         |Miss       |Cover
|---:                   |---:               |---:       |---:
|dispatchstatus.py      |15                 |2          |87%
|test_dispatchstatus.py |31                 |0          |100%
|TOTAL                  |46                 |2          |96%

### test_fleet.py
|Name                   |Statements         |Miss       |Cover
|---:                   |---:               |---:       |---:
|servicetype.py         |18                 |10         |44%
|fleet.py               |23                 |1          |96%
|test_fleet.py          |18                 |0          |100%
|TOTAL                  |59                 |11         |81%

### test_fleetmanager.py
|Name                   |Statements         |Miss       |Cover
|---:                   |---:               |---:       |---:
|account.py             |33                 |1          |97%
|fleetmanager.py        |17                 |1          |94%
|test_fleetmanager.py   |40                 |0          |100%
|TOTAL                  |90                 |2          |98%

### test_servicetype.py
|Name                   |Statements         |Miss       |Cover
|---:                   |---:               |---:       |---:
|servicetype.py         |18                 |3          |83%
|test_servicetype.py    |33                 |0          |100%
|TOTAL                  |51                 |3          |94%

### test_vehiclestatus.py
|Name                   |Statements         |Miss       |Cover
|---:                   |---:               |---:       |---:
|vehiclestatus.py       |15                 |2          |87%
|test_vehiclestatus.py  |31                 |0          |100%
|TOTAL                  |46                 |2          |96%
